Feature - customAlertHandler (#2304)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

     }
  }
```

> * **customAlertHandler** is a function which will be called if it is defined. With this function the Luigi alerts will be disabled and you can implement own alerts. This function gets `settings` and `openFromClient` as parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **customAlertHandler** is a function which will be called if it is defined. With this function, Luigi alerts will be disabled and you can implement your own alerts. This function gets `settings` and `openFromClient` as parameters.
```
